The following is a spooky story written for kids, just in time for Halloween. Everyone always talks about the old house at the end of the street, but I couldn't believe what happened when I went inside.

It was a dark and gloomy day. The sun had set hours ago and the streetlights cast eerie shadows as they lit the way down the sidewalk. I couldn't believe it; it was the day of my final exam.

I had studied hard for this test but I was still nervous. I walked slowly down the sidewalk, thinking about what it would mean if I didn't pass. I opened the gate to the old, abandoned house and carefully made my way up the path. The old house was creepy; it's paint was peeling off in large, jagged rips revealing the bare wood beneath. The windows were boarded up and the front door looked ready to rot away at any moment.

Inside, the house was even spookier. In the first room, the paint had fallen from the walls in large chunks, revealing the drywall below. The floor was covered with dingy, old carpet that had faded from its once vibrant colors. I shivered as I made my way down the hallway, passing room after room, each with an equally terrifying ambiance.

The house was quiet and still. I could hear the wind rattling the windows and the rain pelting the roof, but there was no other sound. I was about to leave when I heard a strange noise behind me. I turned around to see a shadow move across the doorway of the room I had just entered. I quickly left the house and ran back to my apartment.

I was surprised when I got home. The old house was down the street from mine, but in a dark corner of the neighborhood. I thought it would take me a long time to get home, but I wasn't even out of breath. I looked at my watch and saw that I had been inside the house for only 20 minutes. But it felt much longer than that. I shook my head and tried to forget about the house.

The next morning, I learned that I had failed my exam. I felt angry and frustrated. I couldn't understand why I hadn't passed. I spent the rest of the day studying harder for the next test.

That night, as I was making my way to the old house, the sun was setting and a chill was in the air. It was raining lightly and the wind blew the rain into my eyes and my hair. I tried to hold my backpack and umbrella at the same time, but I could barely manage it. Finally I gave up on the umbrella and let it whirl away.

I opened the door to the old house and felt a blast of cold air rush past me. I took a step forward and felt something brush against me. I turned around to see a dark shadow disappearing through the doorway. I ran after it, but lost my way in the dark rooms. I turned a corner and bumped into something that felt like a large wall. I pushed against it and it slowly gave way. I stumbled forward into the middle of a large room. I could see that the walls had been painted white and that the floor was once again covered in beautiful, rich carpet.

I looked up and gasped. There was a girl standing in front of me, looking down at me with kind eyes. She looked to be about 18 years old and had long, dark hair that hung down to her waist. I stammered out a question and she smiled.

"You can see me?"

I nodded and then remembered that she couldn't see me.

"Yes, I can see you."

"Oh, you have a beautiful voice."

I was surprised that she could hear me.

"How can you hear me? I can't see you."

"I know. You must have a very good sense of hearing."

Suddenly I realized what had happened. The old house was haunted. It had taken me inside and made me see everything through its eyes. I had been freezing outside while this ghostly girl had been standing in a warm room. And she could hear my voice! I didn't know what to do. Should I ask to see her? Should I tell her that I'm alive?

"Hello. Can you hear me